c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\PrjCinema.MVC.dll.config
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\PrjCinema.MVC.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\PrjCinema.MVC.pdb
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\obj\Debug\PrjCinema.MVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\obj\Debug\PrjCinema.MVC.dll
c:\users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\obj\Debug\PrjCinema.MVC.pdb
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\PrjCinema.Data.dll
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\PrjCinema.Domain.dll
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\PrjCinema.Data.pdb
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\PrjCinema.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\nilton.junior\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\nilton.junior\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\PrjCinema.Service.dll
C:\Users\nilton.junior\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PrjCinema\PrjCinema.MVC\bin\PrjCinema.Service.pdb
